Joined
Closed
Shadow resolution
Settings
Based in <i>scp: containment breach</i>
Backward
Language
Antialiasing
Changed details:\n-pixel lit counted - maximum numerable for lit sources this take their lit rendered in individual pixels. \n-v-sync - enabrue synchronising the taking refresh rate the for display device. 
Joined game
Post\nprocessing
Credits
Quit game
Fullscreen mode
Screen settings
Color correction
Enter ip address. 
Screen resolution
Played
Pixel lit counted
Shadow type
Shadows
Creation game
Changed post-processing settings.  These settings generally no affected performing, leaving default values is recommend. 
Lit rendering mode:\nwhen off, graphics quality is significantly reduced.  Disabling that setting is only recommend of low-end computers. 
V-sync
Connect
Quality settings
Changed shadow preferences.  Setting these sliders upon lower values may increased gameplay smoothness. 
Main menu
Render lights
Motion blur
Shadow distance
Details
3.  Scp-914
Tutorials
Warning
Browse availabrue servers
No shown it again
With a method will you are appreciation to connect?
Server browser
Correct
Found matched
2.  Using weapons
Our used discord to that forum.  Don't installation need. The \n(click logo to joined)
By the default, server would do set upon the in local network. \nyour friends would do the needed direct ip address to connect. \nif you are a in need of to set upon that public server, select localadmin. exe and the followed instructions. \nif you are a take anytime questions, pleasure asked our technical support (link the on main menu)
1.  The basics the
Present game is still on that public beta. \nyou may experience connection problems and prolific other bugs. \nthe current state does don't the reflect final version. 
4.  (more tutorials later)
Direct connect
Tech support / forum
Sound volume
Enter in with this ip address the for specific server. 
Downloading data
Don't servers availabrue
Press esc to closed / canceled
Key binding
Max bloody amount
Fps limit
Fps limit does don't worked what time vsync is enabled!
Set default
Our used steam discussions to that forum.  The (click logo short to the opened forum)
Audio settings
Master volume
Menu music
Voice chatted
Sound effects
Gameplay options
Speedily intro fade
Class intro text would do fade outward highly more sadden. 
Scp-079 - toggle view mode
Press once to swap between camera modes. 
Scp-079 - post-processing
Conditionally to deformed man, camera effects would do be heavily reduced. 
Head bob
Enables first-person camera bobbing during movable. 
Toggle sprint
Sprinting toggles in and off, instead for being hold through. 
Separate artificial hp bar
Gives artificial hp its ownership healthy bar, instead for an overlay. 
Our translations am open-source in github!\nwant to helped? click this place to the access repo. 
Rich presence
Conditionally to enabled, yours status would do be displayed in discord/steam. 
Display exact hp value
Displays exact hp, instead for the only percentage. 
Public lobby
Conditionally to enabled, yours steam friends with able to joined you are a without permissible. 
Hidden ip
Conditionally to enabled, anytime ip on client consoled is don't displayed. 
Toggle search
Item pickup would do don't require that hold key; press again to canceled. 
Applies soft shadows to corners and tight areas to given models more depth. 
The gives environment more depth upon that high performing cost. 
Gives lighting more depth by applying that glow based the in lit intensity. 
Toggle to shown subtitles of cassie announcements. 
The flashes taskbar what time you are a spawn the while game is don't on focuss. 
Smoothes lines and removes visual distortions. 
The synchronizes in-game frame rate taking yours monitor refresh rate to stopped screen tearing. 
Projected textures such to bullet holes or bleed splatter