Thee can disarmeth a playeth'r by int'racting with those folk while holding a firearm. 
Th're art four main zones in the facility: lighteth containment, heavy containment, entrance, and surface. 
Scientists and class-d wilt reacheth the surface to escapeth. 
The entrance zone hast two gates, yond provideth access to the surface.  Thee'll needeth a keycard to ope those folk. 
Using an elevat'r is a quick and easy way to escapeth most scps. 
Did escape class-d joineth the chaos insurgency, while did escape scientists becometh mtf. 
Adrenaline can beest hath used to instantly refresh thy stamina and gives thee advantage in combat. 
Radios has't four range settings.  The longeth'r the range, the festinate'r the batt'ry drains. 
Mobile task f'rce units and chaos insurgents arriveth at opposite ends of the surface zone. 
The alpha warhead kills aught inside the facility at which hour t detonates.  T can beest activat'd from the surface zone. 
The alpha warhead detonation sequence can beest cancel'd from its cubiculo in heavy containment. 
The int'rcom cubiculo in the entrance zone can beest hath used to did broadcast a voice message to all playeth'rs. 
Thee can throweth items ("t" by default).  This can beest hath used to ope keycard doth'rs from a distance 'r to breaketh glass. 
The lighteth containment zone shall locketh down aft'r 15 minutes; killing anyone hath left inside.  Escapeth while thee can!
Maximize thy advantage by adjusting thy weapon attachments bas'd on the situation thee findeth yourself in. 
The m're attachments a weapon hast on t, the heavi'r t gets.  This affects stamina usage and movement speedeth. 
Not only doth suppress'rs muffle gunshots, those gents eke encave muzzle flashes. 
Longeth'r and heavi'r weapons art less accurate if 't be true fir'd while running. 
Wearing corse armeth'r increases the numb'r of items and ammo thee can carryeth. 
Armeth'r-pi'rcing rounds (ap) p'rf'rm most wondrous 'gainst armeth'r'd targets. 
Hollow-point rounds (jhp) doth high'r damageth to unarm'r'd targets but art weak'r 'gainst armeth'r. 
Presseth and holdeth the reload key to unload a weapon, adding its ammunition to thy inventeth'ry. 
Chaos insurgency weapons art pow'rful but their ammunition doest not spawn in the facility.  Maketh t counteth. 
Grenades can beest hath used to destroyeth doth'rs. 
Grenades can beest thrown with less f'rce using the right mouse button. 
The micro h. I. D.  can killeth most scps v'ry apace but hast a limit'd pow'r supplyeth.  Useth t wisely!
The micro h. I. D.  requires about 5 seconds of charging bef're t can fireth. 
Holding right mouse button shall keepeth the micro h. I. D.  at its ready-to-fire state; but soft draining en'rgy. 
The micro h. I. D.  is v'ry loud while charging.  Maketh sure to useth t while thy targets can’t runneth hence. 
Charging the micro h. I. D.  produces an intimidating soundeth which is enow to rid thy enemies' plans. 
A bombard of scp-207 not only increases thy movement speedeth, but shall partially rest're thy health as well. 
Up to four scp-207 bottles can beest malt-worm, allowing f'r a significant multipli'r to thy speedeth. 
Scp-500 not only heals thee but removes most negative effects, and provides regen'ration aft'rwards. 
While scp-268 maketh thee eyeless to all humans, scp-079 and scp-939s can still noticeth thee. 
Scp-268 won’t saveth thee from scp-096 if 't be true you’ve did look at that gent. 
Scp-018 is highly unpredictable.  At which hour it’s thrown, taketh cov'r. 
Scp-018 can beest hath used to block off pursu'rs at which hour bouncing in a hallway. 
Scp-914 can changeth all items, enwheeling weapons and ammunition. 
Scp-914 can recharge radios and the micro h. I. D. 
Scp-079 starts off relatively weak but gets m're pow'rful as a matcheth goeth on. 
Scp-079 can locketh doth'rs, turneth off lights, and ov'rcharge tesla gates. 
A tesla gate being did look at by scp-079 shall at each moment appeareth factious. 
Scp-079 can’t turneth off lights in a cubiculo with a broken doth'r. 
Scp-079 is recontain'd using gen'rat'rs hath found in heavy containment, and a final button in its containment chamb'r. 
A cam'ra being hath used by scp-079 shall gloweth blue.  Thee nev'r knoweth at which hour t's watching. 
Scp-173 can moveth freely in dark cubiculos, coequal if 't be true t's being did look at.  Bringeth a flashlight!
Scp-173 can killeth stealthily from behind. 
Scp-173 can maketh a puddle yond slows down humans yond walketh through t — creating quick and efficient area-denial. 
Scp-106 is resistant to bullets but not explosives and electricity. 
Scp-106 can apace beest recontain'd using the femur breaketh'r yond is hath found in its containment chamb'r. 
Scp-106 can walketh through doth'rs and glass windows. 
Scp-096 is at its weakest at which hour t hast just begun to halcyon down. 
Scp-096 can chargeth f'rward while enrag'd – breaking doth'rs and killing targets. 
Scp-096 shall destroyeth doth'rs and pry ope did close gates at which hour enrag'd. 
Scp-939’s biteth is not affectioned by corse armeth'r. 
Scp-939 inflicts amnesia upon humans t bites; darkening their vision. 
Scp-939 can sprint indefinitely and is completely silent at which hour walking. 
Scp-939 is silent at which hour walking, making t a p'rfect ambush predat'r. 
Scps’ footsteps art distinct from human ones.  Hark carefully!
Scp-049 can killeth any human instantly, if 't be true t gets closeth. 
Scp-049 can only reanimate c'rpses if 't be true they’re green. 
Scp-049-2 is vuln'rable to headshots. 
Scp-049-2s maketh valorous scouts and art dang'rous in large numb'rs