Joineth
Closeth
Shadow resolution
Settings
Bas'd on <i>scp: containment breach</i>
Backeth
Language
Antialiasing
Changeth details:\n-pixel lighteth counteth - maximum numb'r of lighteth sources yond has't their lighteth rend'r'd on individual pixels. \n-v-sync - enable synchronising with the refresh rateth of the displayeth device. 
Joineth game
Post\nprocessing
Credits
Did quit game
Fullscreen mode
Screen settings
Coloreth correction
Ent'r ip addresseth. 
Screen resolution
Playeth
Pixel lighteth counteth
Shadow typeth
Shadows
Maketh game
Changeth post-processing settings.  These settings gen'rally affect not p'rf'rmance, leaving default values is recommend'd. 
Lighteth rend'ring mode:\nwhen off, graphics quality is significantly did reduce.  Disabling this setting is only recommend'd f'r low-end comput'rs. 
V-sync
Connecteth
Quality settings
Changeth shadow pref'rences.  Setting these did slide'rs at base'r values may increaseth gameplay smoothness. 
Main menu
Rendereth lights
Motion blur
Shadow distance
Details
3.  Scp-914
Tutorials
Warning
Browse available s'rv'rs
Showeth not t again
How wouldst thee liketh to connecteth?
Serv'r browser
Well enow
Findeth matcheth
2.  Using weapons
We useth disc'rd as a f'rum.  Nay installation did need. \n(click the logo to joineth)
By default, the s'rv'r shall setteth up on the local netw'rk. \nyour cater-cousins shall needeth the directeth ip addresseth to connecteth. \nif thee wanteth to setteth up a public s'rv'r, selecteth localadmin. exe and followeth the instructions. \nif thee has't any questions, prithee asketh our technical supp'rt (link in the main menu)
1.  The basics
The did present game is still in a public beta. \nyou may exp'rience connection problems and many oth'r bugs. \nthe current state doest not reflecteth the final v'rsion. 
4.  (m're tut'rials lat'r)
Directeth connecteth
Tech supporteth / forum
Soundeth volume
Ent'r the ip addresseth of the specific s'rv'r. 
Downloading data
Nay servers available
Presseth esc to closeth / cancel
Key binding
Max blood amount
Fps limit
Fps limit doest not w'rk at which hour vsync is enabled!
Setteth default
We useth steam discussions as a f'rum.  (click the logo below to ope the f'rum)
Audio settings
Master volume
Menu music
Voice chat
Soundeth effects
Gameplay options
Festinate intro vade
Class intro text shall vade out much m're apace. 
Scp-079 - toggle view mode
Presseth once to swap between cam'ra modes. 
Scp-079 - post-processing
If 't be true disabled, cam'ra effects shall beest heavily did reduce. 
Headeth bob
Enables first-p'rson cam'ra bobbing during movement. 
Toggle sprint
Sprinting toggles on and off, instead of being did hold down. 
Separateth artificial hp bar
Gives artificial hp its owneth health bar, instead of an ov'rlay. 
Our translations art open-source on github!\nwant to holp? click h're to access the repo. 
Rich presence
If 't be true enabled, thy status shall beest did display on disc'rd/steam. 
Displayeth exact hp value
Displays exact hp, instead of just the p'rcentage. 
Public lobby
If 't be true enabled, thy steam cater-cousins can joineth thee without p'rmission. 
Encave ip
If 't be true enabled, any ip in client console is not did display. 
Toggle searcheth
Item pickup shall not require a did hold key; presseth again to cancel. 
Applies soft shadows to c'rn'rs and tight areas to giveth models m're depth. 
Gives the environment m're depth at a high p'rf'rmance did cost. 
Gives lighting m're depth by applying a gloweth bas'd on the lighteth intensity. 
Toggle to showeth subtitles f'r cassie announcements. 
Flashes the taskbar at which hour thee spawn while the game is not in focus. 
Smoothes lines and removes visual dist'rtions. 
Synchronizes the in-game frameth rateth with thy monit'r's refresh rateth to stand ho screen tearing. 
Project'd textures such as bullet holes 'r blood splatt'r